
FOR MAC USERS:
The user should begin by installing XQuartz for the purpose of viewing 
the Graphical User Interface, or making sure that they already 
have the program installed.

The user should then install pkg-config. We recommend using Homebrew for Mac
and running "brew install pkg-config" in the terminal

Then the user should install the graphics module with "opam install graphics"

The user also has to change the $DISPLAY environment variable on their Mac
in order to visualize the GUI. This can be performed by running the following 
command in terminal: 
export DISPLAY=:0

After this the user can run play a game of Stratego from the CS3110-Stratego
directory by simply entering the following command:
"make play" 

Afterwards the user can follow along to the prompts on the screen to play
a full game. They can also enter "help" at any point if they need help with
instructions on how to play the game. 
Finally, they can enter "quit" to leave the game state at any point.


FOR WINDOWS WITH UBUNTU LTS:

Installation:
1. Install the OCaml Graphics module (if not already installed)

You can check to see if the Graphics module is currently installed by typing the following in your terminal:

$ utop

In Utop:
# #load "graphics.cma"

If this code runs without error, then your Graphics module is installed and ready for use.
If it returns a message that says "Cannot find graphics.cma", then you will need to install it. 

Installing the Graphics module on Windows can be tricky and may or may not work depending on the method used
to install. Try this method in your terminal:

$ opam install graphics 

If this does not work, then you will have to use a different method. In our group, each member had unique trouble
installing this module and encountered different errors. In one specific case, there were a number of dependecies missing
that prevented Graphics from installing. Dependencies can be found here (https://opam.ocaml.org/packages/graphics/).

2. Install Xming for Windows. (http://www.straightrunning.com/XmingNotes/)

Testing:

1. On your computer, search for the program XLaunch. This is a GUI for Xming that allows for additional configuration.
Open XLaunch and make sure that the "Multiple Windows" option is selected. Set the Display number to 0 in the bottom left
corner of the screen. Click Next. Select the option "Start no client" and click Next. On the following screen, click
Next again without making any changes. On the final screen, click "Save configuration" and store the file in the same 
directory as your Xming install. Click Finish. 

2. Type the following in your LTS terminal:

$ export DISPLAY=:0

After this the user can run play a game of Stratego from the CS3110-Stratego
directory by simply entering the following command:
"make play" 

Afterwards the user can follow along to the prompts on the screen to play
a full game. They can also enter "help" at any point if they need help with
instructions on how to play the game. 
Finally, they can enter "quit" to leave the game state at any point.